fix: throw error when creating HD keyring with duplicate account (#5675)
MetaMask/core: packages/keyring-controller/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

> ### Changed
> - `#checkForDuplicate` is now checking duplicate accounts also for HD keyring ([#5675](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/5675))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Changed

- Now check for duplicated addresses when creating new HD keyrings ([#5675](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/5675))
  - This will prevent creating a new HD keyring when one of its accounts got already imported (using a raw private key).
```
